HRA schools across the Gaza Strip are
filled with displaced Palestinians who
hope that being in a un building will
grant them some protection but they also
know that there's nowhere safe our
correspondent hin kodari was at a un
School in central Gaza where families
are living in overcrowded and unsanitary
conditions we're currently in the heart
of in one of the schools where thousands
of displaced Palestinians from different
areas from the north through the south
of the Gaza Strip are displaced here
they're not only displaced in classrooms
but they also set up their own
tents life is hard we don't have soap to
go to the bathroom we don't have water
or shoes we have no space to sleep we
don't even have mattresses to sleep on
in the past couple of weeks the Israeli
forces has been
targeting many un schools and unaa
shelters those targets where thousands
of Palestinians were left homeless again
there were dozens of Palestinian kills
and dozens of other Palestinians have
been
injured where can we go there is no safe
place left whether it's in tents or
schools everywhere is being bombed if
they are looking for one person they'll
Massacre people they do it and justify
it by saying it's because there was a
wanted person in that area this is a
school where thousands of Palestinians
families have been this place they don't
have any other place to go to despite
the fact that they know that this place
is not safe they don't have any place to
go to knowing that there's no safe place
all across the Gaza Strip This is
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz